fix(css): update animation tips page (#34827)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/web_animations_api/tips/index.md

The following demo shows how you'd achieve this. You'll have to do the following modification to the same code:

```html hidden
<div class="box"></div>
<button class="runButton">Run the animation</button>
```

```css hidden
.box {
  width: 100px;
  height: 100px;
  border: 1px solid black;
  margin-bottom: 1rem;
}
```

```js hidden
const box = document.querySelector(".box");
const button = document.querySelector(".runButton");
const colorChangeFrames = { backgroundColor: ["grey", "lime"] };

function playAnimation() {
  button.setAttribute("disabled", true);
  const anim = box.animate(colorChangeFrames, 4000);

  anim.addEventListener("finish", (event) => {
    button.removeAttribute("disabled");
  });
}
```

button.addEventListener("click", playAnimation);

{{ EmbedLiveSample("Waiting for an animation to complete before stopping", "100%", "160") }}

The code disables the button and then starts the animation. The button remains disabled till the animation completes.

## Stacking context in animations

> In the case of the `animation-fill-mode` [forwards](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/animation-fill-mode#forwards) value, animated properties behave as if included in a set [`will-change`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/will-change) property value. If a new stacking context is created during the animation, the target element retains the stacking context after the animation has finished.

Reviewer: Are these one, two, or three different issues? the first sentence is about animation-fill-mode (AFM) and "will-change", but the thoughts don't seem connected. The second sentence is about new stacking context ( and AFM, but AFM isn't mentioned) but seems like it's a continuation of will change? Maybe:
```suggestion
In the case of the `animation-fill-mode: forwards`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/animation-fill-mode#forwards), properties remain at their final keyframe state after the animation is finished. If a new stacking context is created during the animation and is still present at the end of the animation, the target element retains the stacking context after the animation has finished. 

Another thing to note is that the properties that are animated during a CSS animation behave as if the property were included in [`will-change`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/will-change) property declaration. For example, if an at-keyframe animation includes the `color` and `transform` properties, the properties behave as if `will-change: color, transform` were set during the entirety of the animation, and will therefore continue to apply to the element if `animation-fill-mode` is set to `forwards` or `both`.
```
i am not sure if the above is correct, but just trying to understand what you meant.

Author: ```suggestion
In the case of the [`animation-fill-mode: forwards`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/animation-fill-mode#forwards), the animated properties remain at their final keyframe state after the animation is finished. If a new stacking context is created during the animation and is still present at the end of the animation, the target element retains the stacking context after the animation has finished. This is because the properties that are animated during a CSS animation behave as if the property were included in [`will-change`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/will-change) property declaration.
```

## See also

- [Web Animations API](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Web_Animations_API)

> - [Animation Interface](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Animation/Animation)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Animation Interface](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Animation/Animation)
- [CSS animations](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_animations) module
```

<div class="box"></div>
<button class="runButton">Run the animation</button>
```

```css hidden
.box {
  width: 100px;
  height: 100px;
  border: 1px solid black;
  margin-bottom: 1rem;
}
```

```js hidden
const box = document.querySelector(".box");
const button = document.querySelector(".runButton");
const colorChangeFrames = { backgroundColor: ["grey", "lime"] };

button.addEventListener("click", playAnimation);
```

```js
function playAnimation() {
  button.setAttribute("disabled", true);
  const anim = box.animate(colorChangeFrames, 4000);

  anim.addEventListener("finish", (event) => {
    button.removeAttribute("disabled");
  });
}
```

{{ EmbedLiveSample("Waiting for an animation to complete before stopping", "100%", "160") }}

The code disables the button and starts the animation. The button is re-enabled when the animation completes.

## Stacking context in animations

The properties that are animated during a CSS animation behave as if they were included in the [' will-change](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/will-change) property declaration. Any property that would create a stacking context, if marked as `will-change`, makes the element receive a new stacking context.

> In the case of the [`animation-fill-mode: forwards`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/animation-fill-mode#forwards), the animated properties remain at their final keyframe state after the animation is finished. The properties keep the `will-change` status, so if a new stacking context is created during the animation and is still present at the end of the animation, the target element retains the stacking context after the animation has finished.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case of [`animation-fill-mode: forwards`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/animation-fill-mode#forwards) (and `both`), the animated properties remain at their final keyframe state after the animation is finished. The properties keep the `will-change` status, so if a new stacking context is created during the animation and is still present at the end of the animation, the target element retains the stacking context after the animation has finished.
```
